it's good ramen see boy DJ Mike hi I'm
doing a little tomorrow
okay I googled in YouTube the bunch of
tutorials trying to figure out how to
put this thing together but I couldn't
find anything so I figure out for
something out for people that still have
questions
yep hoping Ops II Men Thanks
I'll show you on my little setup a new
mark right here makes it red alright the
DJI Oh giant alright at the regular
computer a little hard drive or whatever
500 join homes common high school
speaking got the K loose
that's the cage I did I just goes right
into here and speaker
and take me long dog to put it together
me all right so before you install
anything or try to get the thing to work
or plug it in what they say is you have
to install the CD first I came with this
virtual DJ whatever just put that in
your computer it installs on a song
there's no like drivers or updates you
need or anything like that you know just
supposed to just work there's a
registration number on the back of this
same CD which I'm not going to show you
that you punch in and then the Virtual
DJ supposed to pretty much connect with
the with the Mixtrack and read it and
then you'll be able to control it
through your computer like this will
come out this is just one of the skins
that I'm using or whatever I happen to
like this game so I'll just use neck and
then after that you want to go to new
marcom okay and visit I'll show you it's
gone Dobie Dobie new marcom
and download what you're looking for is
the driver is what the website should
look like okay you want to go to support
documents and downloads click on that
then you want to go to one of these
options a computer then you want to go
to thickest audio interface yeah there
you go
DJI oh okay if you have one of those or
a sound card whatever it's probably best
that you use DJI know because that I
mean it's the same company so can't go
wrong with it just click on that DJI go
and the screen should come up and it'll
tell you all the things that you need to
own you might need to download the
drivers or whatever okay so just go to
one of those and do that and then you
should be good to go
got a beat actually I want to play Oh
oh you're right all right I like her
distracted
sorry Steve yeah bitch yeah yes we steep
yeah bitch yeah bitch yeah bitch yeah
yeah yeah so pretty much that's how you
rock with this man I didn't even really
use grease like that you know I'm saying
I don't really use this like that I mean
so much you could do with it I just
showed you some messing around with the
buttons man you know so just do what you
got to do and get your DJ game pocket
man
you